Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[gentle haunting music]
[man speaks indistinctly]
- And?
- It's the storyteller.
- So. I'm at this uh. total
hole in the wall. right?
With uh some. some
trash band playing.
that I don't know.
disappeared after the 90s.
I don't even know
what someone like Gia
was doing at a show like
this. but. there she was
standing in the middle
of this giant mosh pit.
- I have no idea.
- So I remember looking
down at her thinking.
"Who is this chick?"
Right? Total girl of my dreams.
And then. the music
starts playing. Right?
And all these dudes.
mohawks. tattoos.
[phone buzzing]
I mean. I. I was afraid of 'em.
They start to jump in
all over the place and.
and. and. like. doing
their mosh thing. right?
So. so I figured. well. why not?
I uh. wrapped one leg
around Gia's foot.
Boom. Down she goes.
[group chuckles]
- No.
- [Shane] Yeah. her
sandal goes flying
halfway across the room.
- Oh. I felt like the whole
room was looking at me.
I wanted to stand up. but I
sprained my ankle in the fall.
So. Shane here spends the
whole night apologizing to me
in the ER. and then went back
to the club to find my shoe.
- That kinda sounds
like Cinderella.
Oh.
- I knocked her down and then
um. she became my wife. Huh?
- That's better than
knocking her up.
- Sweetheart.
To the most perfect
couple we know.
- Oh. cheers.
- We are absolutely
thrilled to be here
to celebrate with you two.
To 13 years. and
many. many more.
- Thank you. my dear.
- Thank you. [glasses clink]
[Gia coughing]
[toilet flushes]
[gentle piano music]
- Sorry I'm late.
- Oh. hey pal.
Hi.
- [Isaac] Great to see
you. congratulations.
- Thank you.
Oh. perfect.
- Look at that. Uh.
I gotta catch up.
So I'll take a. I'll take a
double bourbon neat. please.
- Wow. Look at that.
- [Isaac] Yeah.
- [Beverly] You're not
gonna eat anything?
- Uh no. I'm probably just
gonna get something on the road.
I won't stay long.
Unfortunately. it's uh. it's
it's been one of those days.
- Do I even wanna know?
- [Isaac] No. but I'm
gonna tell ya anyways.
- Course you are.
- Mm.
- Um. unfortunately.
all of our exit signs.
looks like they
were hung backwards.
So we're gonna be delayed
at least another week. Sam.
- [Shane] Oh. dammit.
That's the new contractor?
- [Isaac] Yeah. that's the one.
- [Shane] [sighs] Did
you bring the papers?
- I knew I forgot something.
I'm. sorry pal. Um. when.
when are you guys leaving?
- [Shane] Early.
Just email them.
- Done.
- Uh-huh. No more
shop talk. guys.
This is a celebration. okay?
Right. Gia? Come on.
- Forgive me.
You know what? You
guys are right.
This is a celebration
to you two.
- Aw.
- Yeah.
Happy anniversary.
- [Shane] Thank you.
- Cheers.
- Thank you.
- Look at that. See Isaac.
that's all you need.
You gotta find yourself a good
woman and just settle down.
- Right. You know. Beverly.
where are my manners?
But unfortunately. I only
have eyes for one woman.
And sadly. she's taken.
[Beverly laughs]
I love ya. Sam.
- Okay.
- You've got a beautiful wife.
- Okay. Thank you.
- [Shane] Oh. you are
smooth. aren't you?
- He is very smooth.
Listen. seriously.
I am making sure that you
are not going to be bothered
with any business-related
fiascos while you're gone.
- But. don't forget. it's gonna
be a mess when you get back.
So. get some rest.
- [Beverly] [laughs]
Yeah. lots of rest.
[cars humming]
- Why'd you come?
[Isaac sighs]
- I was invited.
- What if Shane had
seen you texting me?
- Let him.
- We can't do this
anymore. I told you this.
- You haven't even
opened it yet.
When are you gonna tell him?
- That's not your problem.
- You've made it my problem.
- Well. he's my husband.
- Of course he is.
- Then there's
nothing else to say.
[Gia breathes deeply]
- If you need me.
- I don't.
- You did.
[birds chirping]
- Hello.
- Mr. and Mrs. Gallo?
- Yes. that's us.
You must be Helen.
- I am. Yes. sir.
Come right on in.
- Hey. go ahead babe.
- [Gia] Oh.
- This house has been showcased
in all the best Southern
Living magazines.
My late husband put a
lotta pride in this home.
He designed it himself.
A sort of utopia.
he liked to call it.
The stubborn thing.
he built it by hand.
So. it was several years
before we could call it a home.
- Sounds like a lot of
blood. sweat. and tears.
- Mostly sweat. [laughs]
There was some blood.
The tears were all mine.
[chuckles] You'll be
staying in the master suite.
- Oh great.
Go ahead. hun.
- [Helen] Now. I
wouldn't be a good host
if I didn't tell you
about the ghost matter.
- Ghost?
- Decades before there were
any houses built on this lake.
the land was owned by a Dr.
Arnold and his wife Devorah.
They built a huge estate here.
And this is where they
spent their summers.
[tense music]
[cell phone buzzes]
Elaborate parties.
all the rage.
And this went sour.
She found out that Dr.
Arnold and her sister
were gettin' all cozy.
The poor soul lost her mind.
She shot him. strung
him up in the attic.
and burned the
place to the ground.
This house was built on
that original structure.
- Okay. So we're staying
on a haunted lake.
- Oh. I can assure you
that if any of the spirits
do come out of hiding.
that Dr. Arnold is the
perfect Southern gentleman.
But Devorah. not so much.
But she's a woman scorned.
so we don't like to judge.
- What happened to her sister?
- Good question.
I guess you'll have
to ask Devorah.
Now. if you need anything.
and I mean anything.
don't hesitate to
knock on my door.
I'm just downstairs
off the living room.
- Thank you. Helen.
I'm sure everything
will be perfect.
- Uh. you're staying here too?
- Oh yes.
I have my own suite with
a kitchen and a bathroom.
So. you won't hear me.
I'll be like a nun in compline.
- Well um. like I
said. thank you. Helen.
I'm sure everything will be
just perfect. Right. babe?
- [Helen] Well if this storm
holds off. I'll believe it.
- Is there a storm coming?
- I just say what I hear.
- Who knows? Maybe we'll
get lucky. [chuckles]
- [Helen] I like
the way you think.
- Hey. thanks Helen. again.
Babe. that was crazy. huh?
- Did you know she
was gonna be here too?
- Ah. no. I must've missed that.
Oh. she's not gonna
get in the way.
Plus.
when she hears how loud you get.
[Gia laughs]
When I...
[Shane moans]
- Oh. stop.
- Baby.
- That's not me.
Oh.
- Oh. there's only you.
- Mm. You must be talking
about somebody else.
- No. There's only you.
I missed you.
- You see me all the time.
- Yeah. but.
- Okay.
- Oh.
- Yeah. Okay.
Go get our things.
- I'll go get our things.
Yeah. maybe I should
get my jacket.
- Mm-hmm.
- Bye.
- I'll see you in a minute.
[both chuckle]
[deep somber music]
- Hey.
You know. it's too
early for regrets.
[both chuckle]
- What do you think people
think when they see us together?
- I think people see two
people. me and you. [chuckles]
very much obsessed.
- But your family. your
friends. they don't know me.
- I know you.
Hey.
We're gonna have a wonderful
life together. Hmm?
- Mm.
- I won't let you down.
Nothing. and I won't let
anything get [indistinct]. Ever.
[birds cawing]
Hey you. Mm.
- Hey.
- [sighs] What're
you thinking about?
- Hmm. Why do you think
Devorah killed herself?
I mean. she already
got her revenge.
She could've just thrown
his body in this lake
and gone on with her life.
and found someone
to appreciate her.
- Is that what you'd do?
- I don't know.
Mm. [sighs]
Why didn't we get
married in the summer?
- Because you insisted
we shouldn't wait.
Hey babe. did I ever tell
you the story of that time
our. our golden
retriever ran away?
[man laughs]
- That dog was close to death.
You didn't realize it.
but that poor dog--
- [clapping] Okay.
Okay. okay. okay.
I would just like to
know how long you two
have been together.
- Hey. did you hear that babe?
Mom wants to know how long the
two of us have been together.
- [Gia] Oh. uh.
- Seems like. like forever.
- Yeah.
- Right?
It's been like a month
or so. Mom. give or take.
Right?
- Yeah.
- And you just up and decided
to marry. without telling us?
- It just kinda happened. Mom.
- And I can't believe that
your mother's okay with this.
- Uh. she just wants
me to be happy.
- Yeah. she's happy.
Mom. Everybody's happy.
Why can't you just
be happy. right guys?
Come on.
- Yeah. right.
- Well. I don't know what
you've done to my son.
but he's happy.
Oh god. I'm gonna
need another drink.
[deep tense music]
[fire crackling]
[Shane sighs]
- Let's move.
- [Gia] What?
- Yeah.
[Gia laughs]
Yeah. let's just. yeah.
let's just quit everything
and. and leave it all behind.
Just get a little. little
cabin in the middle of nowhere.
No distractions.
just me and you.
And I'll. I'll. I'll work
the land. or I don't know.
be a fishermen.
- Have you ever gone
fishing. ever. in your life?
- Uh. yes.
- Yeah?
- I have. actually.
- Hmm.
- Once.
- I didn't know that.
- When I was a kid. I
caught a fish. like a--
- [Gia] Awesome.
- Big fish.
[Gia laughs]
I threw it back in the water.
'cause it looked like it was
in pain. but I caught one.
- You're so sweet.
- Well. it's true.
[both laugh]
You could make soap.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
- Soap?
- Oh. we still have to be clean.
and we won't need any clothes.
'cause it'll just be you and I.
- Oh course.
- We won't need clothes.
- You're not serious?
You can never leave
any of this behind.
♪ You make it
impossible to leave ♪
♪ Feel like I'm
rotting in quicksand ♪
♪ Where your heart does
more than just take ♪
And then the chorus. you know.
[both chuckle]
I wrote it for you.
- Well here. some wine.
Celebrate.
- Oh well. thank you.
- Moving into our new home.
- Yes.
[sighs] Geez.
Can't believe all these
boxes are just mine. huh?
- [chuckles] I told you.
I didn't have anything
worth bringing.
- I know. but not
even some like uh.
old china from your
grandmother. or. or love letters
from your first boyfriend?
- No.
- No?
- Nothing like that.
[Shane chuckles]
No. it's a. it's a fresh start.
You know. why bring any baggage
when you clearly have
enough of your own?
- Mm.
You know maybe uh. once
we get settled. you know.
my. my parents can
come down. visit.
Be nice. right?
- [Gia] Uh-huh.
- Be nice if your mom came too.
- Mm. She's just
not around much.
- I know but. it still
wouldn't hurt to ask. Right?
You're my family now. Shane.
- Mm. I like the
way that sounds.
You know. I just. I would
just love to know where you.
where you come from. you know?
- So um. have you ever
written any other love songs
for any other girls before?
[slow eerie music]
- No. Why do ask?
- Just a question.
- You're the only one.
[tense eerie music]
- I'm sorry.
[Gia sighs]
[deep mysterious music]
[Shane groans]
[Gia sighs]
- You know. there's
more to that story--
[glass mug shatters]
Single picture will tell ya.
Here.
- [Helen] Oh my god.
- What?
- Oh my god.
What is wrong with you?
- I don't.
I don't know who that is.
- That's all right.
- Honey. honey. are you okay?
Uh. uh. what're you doing here?
- [Jedi] What? I'm sorry.
I didn't know you had guests.
- [Helen] Oh. oh.
well if you'd call me
every once in a while.
- [Shane] Is everything okay?
- She broke in my
house and broke a mug.
- Helen. what the
hell's going on here?
- Forgive my son
for the intrusion.
He may look like a brute. but
he's as dense as they come.
- Gia. honey. you're bleeding.
- I'm sorry.
- [Jedi] Uh. name's Jedi.
- [Helen] Jedediah.
- [Jedi] Jedi.
- Can I get a paper
towel. please?
[Helen and Jedi
speaking distantly]
Here. stand up.
Okay. watch it.
Okay. your feet.
[inhales] Okay.
Oh. babe.
We'll give it some water.
- Not that bad.
- Here.
Let me. let me get uh. let
me go get a towel. All right?
Are your feet okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- Okay.
[wind whipping]
I mean. you know. I guess
it's not her fault. you know.
And him. I. I don't know.
That. he's a. he's a
weird guy. isn't he?
And what was he
even talking about?
But. I guess he's
harmless. you know?
And. and look.
We still have this
room [chuckles].
and this uh.
really comfy big bed.
Hm? Hm?
And I still. oh. I
still have this mm.
this. this beautiful. gorgeous--
- Shane.
- Woman sitting right here in
front of me. and it's. oh--
- Not now.
- What?
[Shane chuckles]
Not now.
- Not now?
- No.
- Okay. Okay.
Mm.
Just uh. trying to find
something positive.
- Well. not everything works
out the way we expect it to
all the time. you know?
- What does that mean?
- Well. you know. I mean.
things don't
magically get better
just because you're so good at
pretending everything's okay.
- Well [clears throat].
be nice to at least get a
little credit for trying.
I wish you'd just
talk to me. you know?
Tell me what's on your mind.
- Um.
Do you ever think of her?
- Who?
- I mean [sighs]. did she do
things that I wouldn't do?
Is. is that. is that
why you [sighs].
why you did it in
the first place?
- This is what's going?
Have you been waiting for
the worst possible moment
to bring this up. huh?
- You just asked me
what I was thinking.
And then you belittle me for it.
- Who's belittling you?
- [Gia] Why can't you just
answer the question. Shane?
- Nothing happened. Okay?
- You know. there's. there's
consequences for your actions.
And when you're
with someone else--
- Yeah. and I told you a
hundred times. nothing happened.
- Why can't you just tell me
the truth so we can move on?
- You know. I'm not gonna. I'm
not gonna admit to something.
Gia. that's all in your head.
- All in my head?
It's all in my
head. and I'm crazy?
I'm making all of this up?
Were there others. Shane?
- This is unbelievable.
I. I don't believe this.
- Were there others. Shane?
- Oh.
- Shane.
[slow somber music]
[generated clapping]
- Take you on a journey to
the small but charming town
of York. South Carolina.
where the souls of the
dead still seek their rest.
Join us. as we wander
through the haunted hallways
and eerie streets on
another episode of.
And then that's when boom.
cue carnival-type music.
We got the strobe
light effect coming on.
the title blow on the screen.
It's gonna be the whole thing.
Mom. get that. make
that mirror disappear.
So what do guys think?
- [Shane] Wow.
- Huh? Eh. huh?
- Okay.
[Shane chuckles]
- You asked what I did.
- Which. which. so.
so you're like a--
- Paranormal investigator.
I have a show.
[Shane laughs]
- On TV?
- [Jedi] Well. it's on the web.
but the fan base is growing.
- You know. Gia's an actress.
- [Jedi] Ah.
- You're an actress?
- It's really.
it's just a hobby.
- Oh. come on. honey.
Go ahead and tell 'em
what you've been in.
- No.
[scary swishing]
Stop it.
- But I'm no actor.
It's just me.
- So you just. you
know. chase ghosts?
- I prefer the term.
contacting the dead.
I'm serious. if I got a drink
for every skeptic I met.
[Jedi whistles]
- Listen. I. you know I
just like to believe in
what's in front of me.
- Just because you can't see
something in front of you
doesn't mean it's not there.
- Come on.
I mean. there's no audience
now. right? It's just us.
You. you can honestly
look me in the eye
and tell me that you've
caught something supernatural?
- Hey Shane. guess what? I've
caught something supernatural.
- Have you ever
seen anything here?
- Are you kidding me?
Growing up by the lake?
The water's like a catalyst
for the paranormal.
I. I. you never know
what's gonna show up.
- So why do you do it if
you're gonna get hurt?
- The possibility
of the unknown.
You know. there's an
energy all around us.
even though we can't see it.
You know. lessons we could learn
from people who've lived
and died way before us.
an insight on places
way beyond this realm.
- I don't know.
I think you need to leave
the past in the past.
You know. just don't
mess with that stuff.
- [Jedi] Perhaps. maybe.
Maybe. perhaps. anyway.
For me though. it's
the closest I can get
to feeling something bigger
than my own existence.
[gentle mysterious music]
[scary booming]
- What are you doing?
- Reducing my life
span by 11 minutes.
Maybe yours by six.
- You can't smoke in this house.
- What the hell?
- I didn't need
you to come here.
- Right.
- How do you think
this is helping?
- Oh. Gia and Shane
lived happily ever after.
The end.
- I'm not gonna play
your sick little games.
- Hm. what's the
matter. baby girl?
Did he hurt you?
Oh. there it is.
That ocean of insecurity
you wear behind your eyes.
Ready to drown you every time
someone speaks the truth.
- I need you to leave.
- Mm.
- I need you just to go.
- Hell no. we aren't finished.
[deep somber music]
I warned you about
letting them in.
[deep somber music]
[Gia gasping]
[bandage ripping]
[Gia gasps lightly]
[scary swishing]
[tense suspenseful music]
- Hey.
[Gia gasps]
Sh. sh. sh. It's just
me. it's just me.
- [Shane] Geez. All right. man.
What the hell? Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm. I'm. I'm good.
Uh. you know.
Hey. you didn't
tell me this place
was all the way out in
the country. [laughs]
I mean. god. I have some papers
that Sam needs you to sign.
And uh. you know. I. I.
I hit some black ice.
car slid right into a tree.
- Jesus.
- I. I. I tried to send
'em to you via email.
but I couldn't get a signal.
I mean. wifi was spotty.
Must've been the storm.
- Yeah.
And this client. man.
every step of the way.
Uh. where's the car now?
- I mean. god only knows. bud.
I had to walk the
rest of the way.
I don't know. half a mile.
- Jesus.
- We're just glad you're okay.
- Yeah. 'member you wanted me
to go back out in that earlier.
- Looks like we're gonna
have a full house tonight.
- No. no. no. please.
I. I. I couldn't
impose any. I insist.
- Uh. well. I'm sure Mr.
and Mrs. Gallo won't mind.
- Yes. we insist.
- I mean--
- We're not gonna let
you get back out in that.
You're here now.
- And. even if not. I mean.
you're way out in the country.
as you say. and I'm sure
Jedediah has some clothes
that you could wear.
Nobody's goin' anywhere tonight.
- Welcome.
- He's a. he's a
little weird. [laughs]
- Yeah. you said it.
- You look great. Gia.
- Thank you.
- Doesn't she?
- Shane.
[Shane sighs]
We shouldn't have come here.
- Can you just take a breath?
[zipper scratches]
- We need to leave.
Are you listening to me. Shane?
- Yes. yes. I heard you.
- I just. I just wanna leave.
I just wanna go home.
- Gia.
Why don't you just
talk to me. huh?
Tell me what's on your mind.
[gentle music]
I'm sorry.
I am.
[gentle music]
Do you remember
when I first gave you this?
- Yes.
- Do you know that I
never ever regret it?
- No?
Not once?
- No.
[Gia laughs]
- Well.
I would think after
13 years of marriage.
that you'd find some way
to be honest with me.
[deep somber music]
- Pre-wedding jitters?
- Is what it's called?
- Well. it's natural to feel
nervous or unsure of yourself
when you're about to make
a major life decision.
- I just don't wanna
disappoint him.
- [Dr. Marcum] What makes you
think you'll disappoint him?
- I'm afraid I won't
be who I need to be.
- Who do you need to be?
- The person he
fell in love with?
- Describe her to me.
- I mean. just Gia.
She's happy. optimistic.
Just the right
amount of confidence.
but not too self-assured.
She has enough vulnerability
to let him know
that she still needs him.
- You refer to Gia
in a third person.
It almost sounds like you see
her as completely different
from yourself.
- Why would I do that?
- Because you're afraid to let
Shane see who you really are.
- Is this version of
yourself that you present
to your patients. the
real you. Dr. Marcum?
Or do you change to
make us feel safe?
Do you ever drop your guard
or let your flaws show?
Exactly.
Because if you did. if you
would show us that you're human.
maybe even a little bit crazy.
then you'd just be
like the rest of us.
and we wouldn't trust you.
- Do you think that this
version will sustain itself
when times get tough?
- Love changes a person.
You can't love someone as
much as we love each other
and not have it transform you.
- Okay.
- Maybe you've
never been in love.
Maybe that's why
you can't understand
power that it gives a person.
- Or the power
that it takes away?
Time's up.
[knocking at door]
- Can I come in?
- [laughs] Of course.
You don't have to ask.
- So. did you really come
to bring Shane papers?
Isaac. I'm. I'm really
trying to be nice
and I appreciate everything
that you've done. but--
- Do you?
- Of course I do.
But none of that matters now.
It can't.
- Hm. Did you bring it with you?
[Gia sighs]
I'm trying to help you here.
Why can't you see that?
- I see what I'm meant to see.
- Hm.
[slow somber music]
We both know he's
no good for you.
But.
maybe that's how you like it.
- Who the hell are
you to tell me?
- I'm the one to tell you
that everything
that you need to see
is right in front of you.
You know. you say
it doesn't matter.
but you brought the
envelope with you anyways.
- If I open the envelope.
and no matter what's inside.
you have to leave me alone.
What do you hope to
get from all of this?
- Gia. what I hope to
get and what I expect
are two very different things.
- I can't.
I can't.
[Isaac breathes deeply]
- Yeah. okay.
[gentle somber music]
How long have I known you. Gia?
- You were Shane's
friend first. Isaac.
- Yeah.
Just because you seem
to have forgotten
what he put you through.
doesn't mean that I can.
It doesn't mean that I will.
[gentle somber music]
- [Gia] I have to go.
[Isaac sighs]
[door clicks shut]
- [Shane] Shane need Jane.
[laughs] Baby. Mm.
- Oh.
Shane.
- [Shane] Oh yeah. I think
you missed a little spot
right there. and--
- Okay. Okay. okay.
You gotta stop.
Shane. stop.
Remember. they told us
we need to wait a week.
If this is gonna work.
we have to wait. Okay?
We agreed to this.
- No. no. no. no. You agreed.
honey. just--
- No.
- Why? I just don't know how
much more of this I can take.
[Shane sighs heavily]
- Why are you getting
so worked up about it?
We agreed to this.
If we want the
treatments to work--
- I. I don't need some doctor
telling me how. where. and when
I can make love to my wife.
- Of course. because it's
all about you. Shane.
- Look.
It doesn't have to be this way.
- What do you mean?
- We can explore other options.
You need to see this. Sit here.
Look. that could be our
child. Right there. honey.
- No.
- Look at--
- No. Shane. we
talked about this.
- Well. I'm sorry
but that ship sailed
the moment we heard
the word infertile.
- Oh.
[deep somber music]
Oh.
- That wasn't cool.
- No. No. it wasn't cool.
It wasn't cool.
Just. just one more time.
- You think that--
- I know it's gonna work.
Just. just one more--
- Oh. that's what we said
last time and the time before
that and the time before that.
[Gia sighs]
- You just wanna hurt me.
- No. I don't wanna hurt you.
honey. That's the whole point.
I just don't wanna sit here
and watch you hurt
yourself anymore.
You have to face reality.
There's. there's no
shame in that. honey.
- How would you know?
How would you know?
You're never here.
How would you know
there's no shame in that?
You don't know what I feel.
You don't know what I want.
- It's just not worth it.
- It's not worth it?
It's worth it to me.
Doesn't that matter?
You know. I'm
really sorry. Shane.
that I'm not the woman
you thought I was.
I can find someone else
who'll do this for me
if you're not
willing to do this.
[slow haunting music]
- Wow.
- Shane.
- No.
- Where are you going. Shane?
- [Shane] I don't know.
- Where are you going?
[water splatters]
[glass clinks]
[Gia sniffles]
Helen. I'm. I'm sorry.
I. I didn't see you here.
Are you okay?
- Who's hurt you. honey?
- What?
What're you doing?
[slow tense music]
Helen?
- Is it your husband?
- I don't. I don't know
what you're talking about.
- I see a darkness. a.
I don't know if it's yours or.
somebody else's.
[wind flutters]
- [Mom] Where you gonna go?
- [Dad] Away from you.
- So it's my fault
that you hurt her?
- You're delusional.
- Daddy.
- Oh. good. Look.
see what you did?
The kid heard you.
- Move. before I move you.
- Please don't leave me here.
[Dad sighs]
- It's all right. little one.
I'd take you with me if I could.
You take care of you.
- I'm gonna tell everyone.
Everyone's gonna know
what you did to her.
Do you hear me?
I'm gonna tell
everybody what you did.
- You need help.
If not for yourself. for her.
- Don't you talk about my kid.
What do you know about her?
[slow tense music]
You see what you've done?
I didn't do it. You did it.
Think you're hot stuff?
What are you looking at?
[slow haunting music]
You did this.
[slow tense music]
You ruined everything.
- Please give me my giraffe
back. Mommy. I need her.
Give her back. please.
[Mom laughing]
- [Mom] You ruined everything.
You've ruined my life. [cries]
[slow haunting music]
- [Gia] Eventually.
everything ends.
- Now out.
There you go. Yes.
Now. you said. "I need her."
And you said. "Eventually
everything ends."
- I don't know.
- It's. that's okay.
We've done enough for today.
- Is there something
wrong with me?
- I think that we
made tons of progress.
and we're going to have you
feeling back to yourself
in no time.
- I don't know who that is.
[slow haunting music]
- How long have
you been up here?
Who did this to you?
What did he do to you?
- He didn't do this to me.
[slow somber music]
[scary music]
- [Gia] No!
No. no. [crying]
- Gia honey. it's me. Huh?
[tense eerie music]
- She just started shaking.
Then she went down.
- You okay?
Come on. let's--
- What happened?
- Let's get you back
to bed. Come on.
[Gia groans]
[Gia crying]
Do you want. you
wanna talk about it?
- I don't wanna shut my eyes.
- [sighs] You don't have to.
[Gia crying]
[gentle tense music]
[gentle somber music]
- We haven't seen a storm
this bad since hurricane Amy.
The city has decided to
call in the National Guard.
As crews work round the
clock repairing bridges.
ice and damaged trees
have caused power outages
throughout the area
and surrounding counties.
- It's the end of the world.
- We're all gonna die.
- I feel like I'm
losing my mind.
I need you to tell me.
- Yeah.
- What's in the envelope?
If you know he's cheating.
just say something.
- Gia. I'm starting to think
that it wouldn't
even matter anymore.
- Of course it would.
- What are you afraid of?
Look. I try.
I try to be supportive
but it just starts to feel
like a waste of my time.
- I'm not those other women.
- You haven't even
opened the envelope yet.
so I'm starting to believe
like maybe you are.
- [sighs] It's gone too far.
- What scares you the most. huh?
The fact that you
lost control or maybe.
maybe you just believe.
maybe it's because you've
just become an empty vessel
for everyone just to fill you
up with whatever they want.
- Is that what you think
I am. an empty vessel?
- [Isaac] Gia. do you
honestly even care
what I think of you?
- Why do I feel like
the bad guy here?
[bacon sizzling]
Oh. it smells great in here.
- Mrs. Gallo.
Um. I hope you're hungry.
[bacon sizzling]
[light jazz vocal music]
- Well. you outdid yourself.
Do you need any help at all?
- No. No. I'm fine.
Sit down.
- Yeah um. I wanted
to ask you something.
- Yes?
- You. you said
something last night.
Do you remember?
- I don't know.
What did I say?
- Um. no. nevermind.
Uh. are you sure
you don't need help?
If you just tell me
where the dishes are.
I'd be happy to set
the table for you. or.
[Helen laughs]
Yeah.
- Marriage is like
a fabrication.
You know. like a false
sense of security.
Like. you know. you. you
vow to be with somebody
the rest of your life.
And it's like. boom. off
the market. problem solved.
Okay?
But then. you know.
what happens when
someone wants to be
with somebody else?
You know. is. is
marriage gonna stop that?
- [Shane] Uh. it's
called commitment.
- Commitment can only
blanket natural tendencies
for so long.
Entering a contract with
another human being.
you know. basically. "Now we
belong to each other forever."
Like. you know. basically.
no matter what happens.
Yeah. no thanks.
- [clears throat]
Yeah. I don't think
that's exactly what it means.
- I used to date
this girl. Tatiana.
She was a taphophiliac.
hardcore into hanging
out at cemeteries.
Anyway. she uh. she wanted
me to commit to her.
and I almost did.
But then I realized that
she had been lying to me
the whole time.
She wasn't into
hanging out at graves.
She was dead.
She had no other choice.
But as humans we're
constantly evolving.
Like the person you
vow to be with now.
may not be the person
you eventually get.
- Wow. Does your mother
know you're this cynical?
- Sounds like you've been hurt.
- I swear. this one's psychic.
But hey. like. you guys.
what has it been 13 years?
I mean. you gotta be
doing something right.
- Honey?
Gia. I'm home.
[bag and keys thud]
Babe?
You up here? What're you doing?
[tense music]
Gi. you up here?
Gigi. you up here. baby?
Hey.
Hi sexy.
I missed you.
What're you doin'?
- [Gia] Hi. I missed you.
Why haven't you called me?
I. I wish your body
was next to mine
right now.
- You went through my email?
- [Gia] You're so special to me.
- You went through my
emails? This is work.
- [Gia] [laughs] This is work?
- Yes. It's just work.
We worked on a project
together. babe.
She worked with us.
We. we had a few. a few late
nights meals over. yeah--
- I thought I was--
- With drinks. but that--
- The actor. Shane.
- You know what?
You're not even in the right
head space for this. babe.
This is not normal.
Nothing happening. You
have to believe me. okay?
She's a friend.
- She's a friend?
- Yes.
- All right. you work with
her. or is she a friend. Shane?
Make your mind up.
No wonder I can't get pregnant.
- Oh. semantics. Gia.
please. just stop. Just stop.
- Have you stopped? Have you?
- Have I stopped what. honey?
I haven't done anything.
All right?
You have to believe me. Okay?
Listen. Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Look. nothing happened. Huh?
Nothing happened.
I want you.
Hey. I only ever wanted you.
- You disgust me. Shane.
- Disgust you?
- Yes.
Disgust you?
You say to me after
all I've done. huh?
Dammit. Just listen to me.
- You're hurting me.
Shane. you're hurting me.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
Honey. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- For what part?
- I'm sorry.
- What part didn't
you mean. Shane?
[Shane breathing heavily]
[lamp shatters]
[deep somber music]
[gentle somber music]
[floor creaks]
[Shane crying]
- Ah. I'm sorry. baby.
Honey. put your hand on me.
please. Tell me you love me.
Honey.
Please. I'm sorry. baby.
Tell me you love me.
[water splattering]
[haunting choral music]
[Shane moans]
- Shane?
- Yes.
- I have to tell you something.
- Gia.
- I've had bad
things happen to me.
[Gia crying]
No. oh no.
No.
What if. what if I
did bad things to you?
- Honey.
All that matters
is that I love you
and you love me. right?
That's all that matters.
- That's not enough.
- Yes. yes. yes.
[slow somber music]
[knocking at door]
Hey. I knocked.
- Hey.
[Shane sighs]
- Look. Gia. um. I'm.
I'm. I'm disappointed
that this anniversary
weekend hasn't worked out
like we'd hoped.
- I don't blame you.
- I'm willing to do
whatever it takes.
- [sighs] I don't know. Shane.
there just so much stuff.
I don't know how we're
gonna get past it.
[Shane sighs]
[gentle somber music]
[Isaac sighs]
- Yep. Yeah. it's me.
[laughs] That's funny.
I didn't think I needed your
permission to come out here.
And clearly. I wasn't
gonna ask for it.
No. she hasn't seen anything.
Why?
[scoffs] You know. did it
maybe occur to you. Adrian.
that you just might be
wrong about this one?
All right.
Mm-hmm.
Later.
[Isaac sighs]
April.
Caitlyn.
Devin.
Christina. Christina also.
and Tara. Vanessa. whatever.
[Isaac sighs]
[uptempo jazz music]
[Helen laughs]
- Doesn't that feel
a little different?
It's party time.
Can we do a dip?
- Can I borrow your princess?
[uptempo jazz music]
- [Jedi] It's coming. baby.
- Think I'm gonna grab another
drink. Anything for you?
[all chattering]
You don't wanna dance?
Did I do that right?
Something like that?
May I have this dance?
[uptempo jazz music]
[Jedi speaking muffled]
[music slurs]
[tense scary music]
[uptempo music]
[vinyl scratches]
- What happened to it?
[Helen laughs]
- [Isaac] Look
what happened here.
- [Jedi] Very good.
[uptempo jazz music]
[pills clattering]
[Shane sighs]
[bag thuds]
[uptempo jazz music]
- Lose something?
So. how long do you think
you can keep this up?
- [Gia] I don't know what
you're talking about.
- Look at yourself.
You can't even keep your
head straight anymore.
I guess being good Gia
isn't so perfect after all.
Yep. Walk away.
It's always been your thing.
- What do you want from me?
- Hey. Who are you talking to?
Come on.
[footsteps clomping]
[pills clattering]
[Shane cries]
- Hey.
- Hey. [laughs]
We need to talk. Okay?
- Okay.
[pills clattering]
- You haven't been
taking these. huh?
- You're going through
my things. Shane?
- How long?
- You don't under--
- Does your doctor know?
- I had to.
- Had to?
Gia you told me your moods are
all over the place. off the--
- My moods?
- Yeah. I only know
what you tell me.
- My moods were
fine. Shane. before.
- Yeah.
That's probably what it is then.
You know. you're withdrawing.
- Probably what?
- Probably why
you haven't been--
- What. myself?
Uh. or less
difficult? Forgiving?
Understanding?
- Yeah. I was
gonna say yourself.
You nailed it.
- Yeah.
This could be serious.
- This is serious.
- Yeah it is.
- It's been serious.
- This whole weekend. I've
been doing nothing but trying.
this whole messed-up weekend.
Nothing. but trying.
- You've been trying?
- [Shane] You're
gonna take this.
[deep somber music]
- No.
[pills clattering]
[deep somber music]
[Gia sniffling]
Are you happy now. Shane?
You wanna check? Look.
Are you happy?
[pills thud]
[Gia sighs]
[Shane sighs]
- Hey. don't. don't leave.
Please. don't leave.
- Where am I gonna go. Shane?
[deep somber music]
Do you mind?
- Do you know why Devorah
killed her husband?
- You said it was
because she found out
he was having an affair.
- Her and Arnold tried for
years to conceive a child.
But it wasn't God's will.
[sighs] When she found
out that her sister
was carrying her husband's seed.
she felt like it was the
ultimate betrayal from God.
- I thought um. I thought she
didn't hurt the sister. Right?
- Well she didn't wanna
let the child suffer.
- [Gia] Oh.
- But she did.
She did.
- What happened to the sister?
- Well she had the baby.
She raised her without a man.
But she never quite
got over the fact
that she betrayed her sister.
That she betrayed herself.
Do you even know what
it's like to be conceived
by the flesh?
- You're her. Right?
- Yes.
- You. you're the daughter?
I'm returning to the
place where it all began.
That is my penance. [sighs]
and my absolution.
[gentle somber music]
[water lapping]
[wind whipping]
[pills clattering]
[door clicks shut]
- Shane?
- Someone must have
left the door unlocked.
Oh. Now that is so not like you.
Something I would
do. but not Gia.
- My husband's right outside.
- Let me talk to him.
- [Gia] Why are you doing this?
- You're kidding.
Look. when I was around.
nobody got into your head.
- I wanted a family.
- Yeah. Yep. we
were a family. okay?
We. we took care of one another.
- Well. the scars tell
a different story.
- Yeah. I showed you
another way. Okay?
- [Gia] Doesn't matter.
I mean. this isn't real.
- No?
[water splashes]
[Gia gasps]
You think you can run? Huh?
Just wake up and what.
just change who you are?
Didn't you learn anything
from your mother?
You know. I watched
you let them in.
Mm-hmm. Let them hurt you
over and over and over again.
Like you just had no
control over anything.
- No one. no one believed me.
- I believed you.
- Tell me what to do.
- Okay.
You were wrong.
Nothing ever ends.
Sure. sure. the memories
can fade. but you know what?
The imprint is still there.
This little fairy
tale you've created.
yeah. it's never
going to be yours.
- Maybe it can be.
[slow somber music]
- Just. go back.
- What if I can't go back?
- [scoffs] Hey. may
as well take 'em now.
[gentle somber music]
- [Shane] What a circus.
- Huh. yeah.
One hell of a night. huh?
- Remind me just to buy jewelry
next year. huh? [chuckles]
- Yeah so.
how is Gia?
- Question of the night.
- Yeah.
Some guys just don't know
how lucky they really are.
- Luck. has nothing
to do with it.
Do you know. man. I spent my
whole life trying to make this.
trying to make this girl happy.
- Yeah.
- You know?
What did it get me?
All she wants to see
is the bad. You know?
What's up with that?
- I wouldn't know.
I'm one of the good guys.
[both laugh]
- One of the good guys.
Jesus.
Hit me.
- Let's fill up.
Coming in.
[Gia breathes deeply]
[Gia groans]
- [Woman On Phone] Mrs.
Gallo. you still there?
- Yes. I'm still here.
- [Woman On Phone]
Yeah uh. I'm sorry.
but Shane's not in the office.
Did you try and call him?
- Yes. I tried calling him.
He said he was in a meeting.
- [Woman On Phone] Okay.
Do you want me to check?
- Yes.
- [Woman On Phone] Yeah.
I'm not seeing a meeting.
Uh. maybe. maybe he went
out to dinner. maybe--
[phone thuds]
[Gia breathes deeply]
[Gia moaning in pain]
[water splashing]
[Gia breathing heavily]
[deep tense music]
[Gia crying]
- You think he deserves to know?
- You miscarried.
Don't you think that that's
something he should know?
- It wasn't even a baby.
- An embryonic
pregnancy. I know.
which sometimes
happens during IVF.
But it's not something that
you should have to deal with
on your own.
- Well. he should've thought
of that before he lied to me.
- I know how important it
was for you to have a baby.
And I'm concerned that if
you don't address this--
- I just don't wanna bring a
baby into this world anymore.
[tense somber music]
[eerie suspenseful music]
[Gia coughing]
[tense somber music]
Um. we weren't actively trying.
And I thought you said
without the injections that--
- [Woman On Phone] Yeah
um. and you know. and it's.
it's kind of a
miracle because this.
I can tell you that I've
never done a phone call
like this before.
Working here all
these years. I mean.
you're actually
gonna have a baby.
Um [clears throat]. you okay?
Like. this is a
good thing. right?
- Oh. no. this is a great thing.
This is a great thing. um.
No. thank you. I'm sorry.
I know this is weird.
I'm sorry. I just
didn't expect that.
and it's very exciting and.
you just gave me the best
news of my life. thank you.
Thank you.
Bye.
[tense somber music]
Hey.
- Hey.
Wow. Look at you.
This is a pleasant surprise.
How are you?
- I'm good. I'm good.
- Um. Shane's at the
uh. at the other site.
- Yeah. no. I. I know.
Um. it happened.
- It?
What happened?
- It happened.
- Oh. it happened.
Congratulations.
- Yeah.
- What about Shane?
- I'm telling him tonight.
- Good. Uh. can I get
you a drink of water?
Please have a seat.
- Um. okay.
- Wasn't going to
give this to you.
But I suppose
considering the news.
now is about uh. as
good a time as any.
Here.
- I thought you said you
didn't find anything.
- Gia. open it.
Open it.
- I can't.
I can't.
- Dammit.
Really?
- Whatever's in there. it
doesn't matter anymore.
I mean. that's the past. right?
- Well. I think you might
wanna reconsider that.
- Are you jealous. Isaac?
I mean. I know we got close.
[Isaac laughing]
- Yes. uh. close.
That's what you call it?
Close?
- Yeah.
- [Isaac] That's all
we were was just close?
- That's it.
- I see.
- Is it bad?
Is it. is it really bad?
- I suppose that depends on
what you're hoping to find.
[Gia sighs]
Look um. it was
great to see you.
But. if you don't mind.
I have some places
I need to go to.
- Sure.
[deep tense music]
[car humming]
[footsteps clicking]
- Hey.
- [Gia] Hey.
- You're home late.
- [Gia] I had an audition.
- Ah.
How'd it go?
- I. I don't know yet.
- So. I think that I
have the perfect thing
to take your mind off of it.
What would you think
of a weekend away?
- For what?
- Um. our anniversary?
You know?
I mean with everything
that's been going on.
I just think. you know.
we. we deserve it.
You deserve it.
"Shane. did I tell you
that you're just like.
the best husband ever?
You're almost like
magical?" [chuckles]
- No. it. that's great.
That's. that sounds.
that sounds great.
- Well good. because I. I
booked it. and I can't wait.
- Yeah. so um. is there
anything else you wanna tell me?
- [Shane] Like what?
[scary music]
[Gia crying]
- Your fault. you did
this. you ran him off
just like the others.
- You need help. If not
for yourself. for her.
- [Mom] You ruined my life.
I hate you. You ruin everything.
[static buzzing]
- [Shane] Does your doctor know?
Gia. you told me your moods
are all over the place.
[tense eerie music]
[Gia crying]
- [Mom] Everyone's gonna
know what you did to her.
Do you hear me?
I'm gonna tell
everybody what you did.
- Dr. Marcum?
[tense somber music]
[Gia crying]
- [Shane] Well. good news.
The road should be
clearing by morning.
[Shane sighs]
- When did you first realize?
- Realize what?
- That I wasn't who
you thought I'd be.
- I'm not sure I understand.
- [Gia] You do. Shane.
- Gia.
Gia. hasn't this weekend
been hard enough?
[Shane sighs]
Look.
Everything was fine.
And the company had me travel
and you didn't take it well.
I thought maybe at first
you were just acting out.
You know. as a way
to keep me around.
But I had no choice.
I had to go.
So. I left.
Every time I came
back. I don't know.
There was.
there was something different.
I thought maybe at
first you were just mad.
You know. and you'd snap
out of it and adjust.
You said you'd been seeing
a doctor. doing work.
Then we thought.
[scoffs] then we thought
having a child [laughs].
someone to keep you company.
I tried.
We tried.
But it just. just
distanced us further.
Whatever light you had on
when we were first together.
it just started to go out.
I didn't wanna see it.
I didn't wanna think
that I was the cause.
Gia. every. every marriage
has their share of problems.
you know. so I thought
ours would just--
- Work itself out?
[slow somber music]
- One night I came home and.
you just were.
you were acting different.
I thought you were
preparing for some role.
It didn't stop.
You were into it.
- I'm so sorry.
- [Shane] No.
- I was so difficult
to live with.
And because of that
you don't think
I'm worth telling
the truth to. Shane.
- Of course you are. I
should have addressed it.
- How can you look
at me in my eyes
and tell me that you.
you saw me day after day
just destroying myself.
just falling apart.
and you did nothing.
- That's not--
- You took advantage of it.
And I know. Shane. I know.
in my heart I've known that
there was another woman.
and you. you can't even
tell the truth to that.
And it hurts.
It hurts me.
- Well.
[slow somber music]
[Isaac sniffling]
[Isaac sighs and sniffles]
[slow somber music]
[Isaac crying]
[Isaac breathing heavily]
[Gia moans lightly]
[static buzzing]
- [Gia] Who are you?
- You know who I am.
[Gia gasps]
Do not leave me here.
- [Gia] Let go of me.
Let go of me. I don't
know who you are.
[Gia breathing heavily]
- Gotta admit. Jedi. your mom
makes a mean cup of coffee.
- Ah. thanks man. Mean.
I've had it forever.
- Well. it's. it's special.
- Yeah. How's your head?
- Uh. well. thanks.
I'll survive.
- Can I get ya some
more coffee? Any cream?
- Uh. no Helen. thank you.
- I'm fine.
- Good morning.
- Hey. what's up?
- Mr. Gallo. come and have a
bite before you hit the road.
- Uh. is Gia here?
- No. I haven't seen her yet.
- She took off.
- Where'd she take off to?
- Well. I like to wake
up early to meditate
down by the lake--
- Wait. she what?
- And. yeah. and I
saw her down there.
and she was trying
to start the car.
I think the battery's
dead from the cold.
- Jesus.
- I helped her start it.
and then I told her to
check out my web show.
She said she would
when she got back.
- Wait. wait. so you're saying
my wife left with our car?
- Yeah. that's about it.
- What. what car'd she take?
- Um. the one that worked.
- Is there. is there
somewhere I can get reception
in this house?
Gia. Hey. it's me. hon.
Listen. I. I. I just wanna
make sure you're okay.
Can you just please
give me a call back?
All right?
[phone ringing]
Gia?
- [Beverly] No. it's
Beverly. Sam said you called.
- Yeah. Have you heard from Gia?
- [Beverly] No. Why.
what's going on?
Last we thought. you guys
were enjoying yourselves.
- Oh god. it's.
it's been a nightmare.
She left this morning. and
uh. no one's heard from her.
And. Isaac's here.
he's helping out.
- [Beverly] Isaac? What's
he doing out there?
- Um. well. he
delivered those papers
that Sam needed me to sign.
- [Beverly] Papers. uh.
no sir. Not from Sam. no.
I put the fear of God in him
about bothering you guys
while you were away. and...
[Isaac sighs]
- Anything?
- No. nothing.
- Um. all right.
I'm gonna go grab my
car and drive around.
see if I can find her.
- Thought you said
you crashed your car?
- Yeah.
- Hey. Isaac.
What're you here for?
- I told you that.
- No. what are you. what are
you really here for. man?
- Protecting her.
- Protect who? From what?
- Look Shane. I could've
made this all go away.
Her worries. her
questions. everything.
All I had to do is show her
that she was right about you.
- So you're saying you have
evidence to tear us apart.
That's what you want. right?
- Yeah.
- So why didn't you do it then?
- 'Cause you and I both know
that if she knew the truth.
she probably
wouldn't survive it.
- I think you underestimate Gia.
- Oh yeah?
So I assume that you
admitted that you someone
the night that she was
home all by herself.
bleeding out in the bathroom--
- You better stop right there.
- Or what? What's gonna happen?
Huh?
I know you're worried.
I'd be worried out
of my mind too.
especially with a
new baby and all.
[deep tense music]
Oh.
- What?
What baby?
- I let out the surprise.
- Gia's pregnant?
- I thought she
would've told you.
[tense music]
- How do you know that?
- It's mine. man.
- You and her?
- She just wanted to be loved.
[Shane grunting]
Get off me! Get off me!
Huh?
You don't deserve her!
Be a man.
[tense music]
[Shane yells]
[dramatic music]
[gentle music]
- [Hostage] You came back.
- But I don't wanna be here.
- [Hostage] Neither did I.
- What was I suppose to do?
I didn't know.
- Maybe you wanted me to hurt.
- [Gia] No. I wanted love.
- Did you find it?
Love?
Look at me.
Look at what she's
made you do to me.
- [Mom] You've ruined my life.
I hate you. You ruin everything.
I hate you.
I wish you were never
born. I hate you.
You ruined my life.
- Stop.
Stop. stop.
- [Mom] I wish you
were never born.
[Gia crying]
- You know you believed her.
- [Mom] I hate you. I
wish you were never born.
[Gia crying]
- You didn't even give
me a chance. [crying]
[Gia crying]
Do you know who I am?
- Yeah.
You tell me.
- Dr. Marcum. Dr.
Marcum. is Gia inside?
- [Dr. Marcum] Yes. And
you'll leave her be.
- Like hell I will.
- Isaac. Don't you forget
how well I know you too.
You think she's weak.
That she'll need you.
- She came to me.
- There's something
different about this one.
- How so?
- Unlike any one of us. we
become who we need to be.
depending on the situation.
But now Gia can't see
herself as she truly is.
- But I. I know her.
I know Gia. she's.
she's not crazy.
- I didn't say she's crazy.
[sighs] I just hope that
she'll be able to
accept everything
that's happened to her.
All that she is. that she'll
become who she is at her core.
- And who might
that be. Dr. Marcum?
[tense scary music]
- That's what you're
gonna help me figure out.
That is. if you still want to.
[tense suspenseful music]
- How do I know
she's gonna be safe?
- Oh. we should have dealt
with these codependency issues
when you were my patient.
- Excuse me?
- Oh. that should be Shane.
- Wait. wait. you told
him that she's here too?
- Don't look so shocked.
He is her emergency contact.
- You really enjoy
this. don't you?
Manipulating people.
using their secrets
to fulfill some need in your
own pathetic little life.
- Oh. just as you do. honey.
- [Shane] Where is she?
- Hey.
[tense somber music]
[eerie music]
- Gia. honey. what are
you doing? Just drop it.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- Do something. Do
something. will you?
- Gia. what do you want?
- You have no idea the
hell she put me through.
- [Dr. Marcum] Amber.
- I know about the baby.
It's okay. I'm not mad.
- I'm scared.
- It's what you wanted.
- You've heard your turn.
- Gia. I've been
with you all along.
Please. I can take you away.
- But I'm good at being Gia.
- None of this was
supposed to be yours.
- What is it you told me?
Eventually everything ends.
You. you're. you're
in control now.
What do you want?
You said it again. "I need her."
- Yes.
- Who is her?
- My friend.
- What does she
do when she comes?
- She helps me.
- How?
- She protects me.
- Does she have a name?
[haunting music]
So who are these other women?
- Parts of me. of who I was.
But they're outside of me.
I can talk to them
and touch them.
Yet. they're inside of me too.
- [Dr. Marcum] And when
you're on the medication?
- It's like they're sleeping.
- So do you think
it would be helpful
to let your husband
know about this?
- No. He needs Gia.
We both do.
You like me like
this. Don't you?
- [Isaac] Yeah. I do.
- Do you think that this ideal
version will sustain itself
when times get tough?
[eerie music]
[slow somber music]
[hostage crying]
- You did what you had to do.
Please. please. let
me have a chance.
- She's gone and
left me an orphan.
[Gia sighs]
- You're still holding back.
That's the thing
about this business.
you can be whatever
you wanna be.
I don't know.
With you. I. I'm
still seeing Gia.
- I. I don't know
what to tell you.
I'm doing what I
learned in class.
- Just stop.
Just lose control
for one moment?
Stop putting things on.
And start being.
Let's try something different.
[Gia clears throat]
- Do you know why you're
sitting in a chair?
It's because you're weak.
It's because you
have no confidence.
have no strength.
It's because I'm
better than you.
It's because you
have so much fear.
It's because you have
so much to be afraid of.
- Freeze.
Gia. ask yourself. is this
the character you wanna be?
We can end the scene right now.
and this is the narrative
you chose to leave us with.
Or you can choose to
change that narrative.
This is your scene. not Joe's.
So it's in your hands.
[deep tense music]
[gentle somber music]
- Eventually. everything ends.
[Gia laughs]
[gentle somber music]
It's not your fault.
[slow haunting music]
[rain splattering]
[gentle somber music]
[car ignition clicks off]
[slow haunting music]
Everything is just beginning.
[gentle acoustic guitar music]
♪ Yeah. I got this feeling ♪
♪ That I don't
belong here anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause I've been broken ♪
♪ I'm just not
mending like before ♪
♪ I'm tired of being
my own worst demon ♪
♪ I've got a ways to go ♪
♪ That's why I'm. whoa.
leaving Carolina ♪
♪ With my torn
heart and a Bible ♪
♪ Praying for a revival ♪
♪ With what little strength
remains. and I'll be ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ I'm tired of being
my own worst demon ♪
♪ I've got a ways to go ♪
♪ That's why I'm. whoa ♪
♪ Leaving Carolina with my
torn heart and a Bible ♪
♪ Praying for a revival with
what little strength remains ♪
♪ And I'll be. whoa ♪
♪ Singing hallelujah ♪
♪ I got nowhere else to go ♪
♪ But I have faith
that all roads ♪
♪ I have that all roads ♪
♪ I have that all roads lead ♪
♪ To home ♪